I had a discussion with my family
whether to travel to Egypt or stay with
them but all of them said I had to
go we saw whole buildings and houses
taken down by air strikes randomly my
father told me that there's a
possibility that we could all be killed
and that I had to leave so that at least
one person from the family
survives I left on October 10th I woke
up at 5:00 a.m. I was looking for a
driver who could agree to take me from
Gaza City to Rafa because the road was
very
dangerous I called all the drivers
everyone apologized or didn't pick up
their phones at the end I found one who
took me on my way I saw that all the
buildings were destroyed and it was only
the third day people were walking on the
streets leaving their homes not knowing
where to
go
I arrived at the Crossing entered and
got my passport stamped at around 5:00
p.m. 5 to 10 minutes after I crossed to
the Egyptian side an air strike Hit The
Crossing for the first time the people
who are still at the Crossing and
haven't had their passport stamped
return to Kaza after that the crossing
closed and it became really difficult
for anyone to get into
Egypt Facebook every time we check
Facebook we see that someone we know got
killed either a relative or a friend
personally half of the people I know
around me have been killed either
Friends School or university colleagues
or doctors who taught me in the medical
school they are either killed missing or
detained by the Israeli occupation
Force the Israeli occupation Force hit
all the universities in Gaza and
destroyed them the buildings are
completely destroyed and we can't even
get our papers if we want to continue
our studies abroad I am in my sixth year
and I don't know if I will continue with
my studies or if I should forget about
medicine and start all over again things
are not clear and no one knows what
might
happen make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer